---
layout: post
title:  "Glowing Skin Begins With Better Beauty Choices"
author: rachel
categories: [ Jekyll, tutorial ]
image: assets/images/cover-photo.jpg
tags: [highlighted]
---

Skincare should never be a mystery. At Rho Cosmetics, we believe there's a purpose behind every hand selected ingredient, and we're here to share its story.  Our conscientious approach of ingredient selection not only focuses on key ingredients but all ingredients and why they play a vital role in your skin's health.

<p align="center">
  <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/KUdC-fU_SRQ" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe> </p>

# Our Inspiration

Skincare is an intimate process. Being a conscious consumer myself, I found it difficult to decipher ingredients on the back of products. I was often left with the thought of what's exactly being used on my skin. Most of us have a busy work-life schedule and don't necessarily have the time to put in the research for every ingredient. Even in the event that we do, limited information is available and is often times fueled by misinformation and myths. 

After several years of working in the beauty industry, I thought it was time to step in and break the on-going cycle of misinformation surrounding skincare. The creation of Rho Cosmetics is to inspire better beauty choices. Not only do we create high performance skincare products; we hope to inspire consumer education in a friendly and easy to consume manner. Skincare science should be accessible to all and it begins with an honest, open conversation with an engaged community. 